Add 200 response to the put call in verbs (#81)
Infoland/iProva-REST-API-examples: Documentation/Verbs.md

May return a 400 when the product is in "read only" mode.

> 

Reviewer: dsfsdfs

### PUT

> The PUT verb is used to fully update or replace a resource. It will return a 204 No Content status code on success. In some cases, it may return a 200 OK status code with content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On success, it returns a 204 No Content status code. In some cases, it may return 200 OK with a response body — for example, when the PUT route supports an include flag.
```
